Changelog for new bindings canvas (#22886)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/changelog/workers/2025-06-03-workers-bindings-canvas.mdx

---
title: View an architecture diagram of your Worker directly in the Cloudflare dashboard
description: Explore and modify your Workers' architecture directly in the Cloudflare dashboard
products:
  - workers
date: 2025-06-03T01:00:00Z
---

import { Render } from "~/components";

You can now visualize, explore and modify your Worker’s architecture directly in the Cloudflare dashboard, making it easier to understand how your application connects to Cloudflare resources like [D1 databases](/d1), [Durable Objects](/durable-objects), [KV namespaces](/kv), and [more](/workers/runtime-apis/bindings/).

![Bindings canvas](src/assets/images/changelog/workers/bindings-canvas.png)

With this new view, you can easily:
* Explore existing bindings in a visual, architecture-style diagram
* Add and manage bindings directly from the same interface
* Discover the full range of compute, storage, AI, and media resources you can attach to your Workers application. 

> To get started, head to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers-and-pages) and open the **Bindings** tab of any Workers application. 

Author: ```suggestion
To get started, head to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/?to=/:account/workers/services/view/:worker/production/bindings) and open the **Bindings** tab of any Workers application. 
```

> 
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
